---
layout: post
title:  "Web Threat Protection"
date:   2020-09-14 21:03:36 +0530
categories: Web Security
---

Web threats according to ‘testout.com’ are usually any risk that uses the internet to perform some sort of malevolent act. These threats use multiple types of malware and fraud. Some common threats are spam, ransomware, phishing, malware, and hacking. Some security concerns that individuals in addition to a company’s need to regard, and potential identify theft, financial harm, loss of confidential information and data, personal defamation, or denouncement of a company’s reputation, not to mention the potential loss of customers and their trust in the company’s ability to keep their confidentiality. 

In order to protect against web threats, a combination of both hardware and software perimeter devices must be deployed. These devices should contain intrusion detections among firewalls, load-balancers, switches, servers, storage area networks, and domain name systems. These are ideal in creating a protected network, since malicious attacks must pass through these devices before reaching the network/ client. Some other protections that are ideal include: Website/URL content filtering, which prevents users from visiting restricted websites. Web threat filtering, this averts the user from visiting a website with malicious substance. Gateway email spam filter precludes spam emails from reaching the network, servers, and computers. This can also be configured to block unwanted emails, in addition to particular senders. Virus scanners identifies festered content and dispose of it, this software can also be linked to email scanners. Anti-phishing softwarescans a content to classify and dispose of phishing attempts and prevent outside attempts to access confidential information. Data loss prevention protects against sensitive data being exposed. Encryption, allows data to be incomprehensible, oppose to those with the appropriate decryption key. Finally, Proxies; there is transparent proxy, forward proxy, and reverse proxy. Reverse proxy is used for authentication and caching, while transparent proxy is used as a form of web filtering. Finally, and most importantly is the reverse proxy, it can be used to filter the context of the web, as well as mask a user’s identity.